Psalm 111 praise the Lord I will praise
the Lord with my whole heart in the
Assembly of the upright and in the
congregation the works of the Lord are
great studied by all who have pleasure
in them his work is honorable and
glorious and His righteousness endures
forever he has made his wonderful works
to be remembered the Lord is gracious
and full of compassion he has given food
to those who fear Him he will ever be
mindful of his covenant he has declared
to his people the power of his works in
giving them the heritage of the nation's
the works of his hands are Verity and
justice all his precepts are sure they
stand fast for ever and ever and are
done in truth and uprightness he has
sent Redemption to his people he has
commanded his covenant forever holy and
awesome is his name
the fear of the Lord is the beginning of
wisdom a good understanding have all
those who do His commandments his praise
endures forever